# odin-tic-tac-toe
Making a Tic-Tac-Toe game as directed by The Odin Project https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/node-path-javascript-tic-tac-toe

continuing before the 'unbeatable' AI is complete because as i go through this i feel the need to redo pretty much all of my code to make it better and more efficient, and put in what I have learned to improve it, however because i have already slightly surpassed the base requirements and I want to RE-do everything and make it cleaner before moving on with the AI im going to save that urge and come back to this when i go through my cycle of returning to every project to improve upon it and show the 'update' to my knowledge and execution. In this project i was reminded of chaining functions properly, using functional inputs and outputs instead of just making a bunch of variables to pass back and forth (i overdid that i think),
i should have used more direct and useful names for functions and variables, i needed to seperate my concerns in my functions better, i.e. this tracks winning player, THIS alerts to the winning player etc. my boardWinChecker is a great example of how i should have split that in half and just called it twice from both perspectives instead of using the specific variables. need to try and think ahead more in my coding as well, think about how much a variable or information is going to have to communicate between functions and accross my project. i learned alot about scope and iife's and modules as well, going to be very useful for security and scalability in sites for sure. also finally got around to using recursion in programming. I think i rely a little overly on nested if statements and i need to make sure my code is a little more readable follows some standards for appearance. also i need to do a little reasearch on how modules should be seperated, im not sure how to dilineate those properly. All in all with every code i write there are things to be learned and its really cool : 3